Update Crossplane to v1.7.1 (#22)
projectsyn/component-crossplane: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-1.1.1-1.7.x.adoc

> = Upgrade from 1.1.x to 1.2.x

Reviewer: The new component version *must* be v2.0.0 since we consider this PR a breaking change.

```suggestion
= Upgrade from v1.x to v2.x
```

Author: Wasn't sure about that when I was writing the tutorial

> This guide describes the steps to perform an upgrade of the component from version 1.1.x to 1.2.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes the steps to perform an upgrade of the component from version v1.x to v2.x
```

== Step-by-step guide

> Component version 1.2.x installs Crossplane version 1.7.1. Since Crossplane Version 1.3, all CRDs are being managed by the Crossplane Operator and no longer by the Helm Chart. An automated PreSync Hook during migration will ensure that CRDs aren't deleted.

Reviewer: Please keep all documentation to a single sentence per line. This makes reviewing it and suggesting changes much easier.

```suggestion
Component version v2.0.0 installs Crossplane version 1.7.1.
Since Crossplane Version 1.3, all CRDs are being managed by the Crossplane Operator and no longer by the Helm Chart.
An automated PreSync Hook during migration will ensure that CRDs aren't deleted.
```

Author: I forget about this rule all the time

> NOTE: ALl CRDs are expected to use api version _v1_ (stored version) while on component version _1.1.1_ with exception to Locks and ControllerConfig. The Lock object is no longer managed by the HelmChart in Crossplane 1.7 therefore it will be ignored during migration by ArgoCD. ControllerConfig CRD hasn't received any updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
 All CRDs are expected to use api version _v1_ (stored version) while on component version _1.1.1_ with exception to Locks and ControllerConfig.
 The Lock object is no longer managed by the HelmChart in Crossplane 1.7 therefore it will be ignored during migration by ArgoCD.
 ControllerConfig CRD hasn't received any updates.
 ====
```
